Not everything that's put on the web is text,
but a lot of it is.
So a lot of the way HTML has been set up it's about using text elements.
But once you start to think about it,
there are so many different kinds of text, right?
Just think about how you use it yourself.
Sometimes you write big bold headlines if you want to catch attention,
sometimes you use bulleted lists if you want to lay out a few things,
sometimes you use numbers,
sometimes you use quotations.
There's all sorts of ways that we can really express ourselves with language and
HTML helps unlock that with some built in element types.
Some examples are an H1 which is
a top level header which is built in to be the biggest boldest texts that you have,
a P element which I've talked about a couple of times.
This is the most traditional form of text element, and a div.
A div is the most basic thing you can do.
So lets say that we don't have the kind of text element that you want.
If you don't want a header and you don't want a paragraph tag,
you can use the div HTML element to create your own text element.
How exciting is that?